and such friends of comic mexico my name
is titan taita foxnews I like
be in touch once again with
you on this occasion I want
tell you about four video games that
the personal thing I think are the best
adaptations of our characters
favorites the superheroes of the world's
comic book or would like to clarify that this is a
completely random order the idea is
that you tell me how
would accommodate and if they would put someone else 's
election has really been very difficult
I hope you enjoy it 10 and universe
online says universe online 'is a game
that came out free for the platform
PlayStation 3 and PC in 2011 is a
free action game and open world
This allows you to create your own
superhero with the skills that most
you like yourself by allowing yourself in this way
feel at least for a while someone
with great power practically the dream of
be a superior can be met
to tell the truth, everyone who created a
hero in this game reflect as you
would like to do if you could really
be a superhero this is what
it really gives points to this game
apart from a great story where
can see the league of justice
defeated by the league
justice and just after invasion that
brainiac leads is where you enter
owner 'wants to create an army of method
hands to conquer faster the
earth and right there is where you have to
decide whether to be a hero or villain
marvel ultimate alliance a game
truly entertaining and passionate
Blé if you are one of those who likes
star favorite superhero
marvel ultimate alliance is in
this video for the hours of adventure that
can give you as well as curious facts of the
universe of marc this game allows you
play with various marvel heroes
being the main captains america
spider man thor and wargaming which
are gathered by nick fury to try
to stop one of the best villains
from marvel
the doctor doom the game will represent the
battle against many more villains for
get to the tuna defeat but this does not
it's all but the appearance of
galactus will make more interesting the
history without a doubt one of the best
games that I could have played
more reverse scan with classic series of
classic marvel see their faces with
represents one of the games that we
will go back our great childhood from the
1 to the last ultimate marvel vs
capcom 3 these games represented
many hours of fun and at the same time
a lot of frustration to beat the
senior boss who would be galactose and
Personally exceeded the best game
for me for the work
batman arkham series if the games of
batman who had left before for the
sixth generation consoles seemed like
great they would be arkham came to
revolutionize the game that batman already
represented the history of arkham
asylum commits batman in one day
normal work capturing the joker
taking her to the arkham asylum where
develops the game completely the
joker would have naturally tended a
trap and take control of the asylum
putting batman in situations that
only he could solve while in
the house and we can see batman
facing the joker in the city a
excellent game mode and handling
history puts in this series in our
today's video as game data
batman arkham origins is not
considered within this series without
However, one of the
reasons is that the latter is not
developed by rocksteady and was dedicated
to develop batman arkham series
do not
very good friends I hope you have them
liked this video your comments will be
well received where you can
tell me what another game they would play and in what
another order would be very many
thanks for watching the video remember that
can you follow me on my time for
where I upload the news more
highlights of the week of the world's
geek world comic visit the page
of comic mexico and subscribe to this
channel until next time